[control-plane-manager] update docs (#4514)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

     registry.deckhouse.io/deckhouse/${DH_EDITION}/install:${DH_VERSION} bash
   ```

1. **In the installer container**, run the following command to check the state before working:

   ```bash
   dhctl terraform check --ssh-agent-private-keys=/tmp/.ssh/<SSH_KEY_FILENAME> --ssh-user=<USERNAME> \
     --ssh-host <MASTER-NODE-0-HOST> --ssh-host <MASTER-NODE-1-HOST> --ssh-host <MASTER-NODE-2-HOST>
   ```

>    The response should tell you that the theraform does not want to change anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The response should tell you that terraform does not want to change anything.
```

1. **In the installer container**, run the following command to create the updated node:

    You should read carefully what converge is going to do when it asks for approval.

>     If converge is requesting approval for another master it should be skipped by saying "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If converge requests approval for another master node, it should be skipped by saying "no".
```
